docs: restructure query section (#10473)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/query/log_queries/_index.md

{level="info"} {"app": "other-service", "level": "info", "method": "GET", "path": "/", "host": "grafana.net", "status": "200"}
```

## Pipeline Errors

> There are multiple reasons which cause pipeline processing errors, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many things which can cause pipeline processing errors, for example:
```

> - A numeric label filter may fail to turn a label value into a number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A numeric label filter may fail to turn a label value into a number.
```

- A metric conversion for a label may fail.
- A log line is not a valid json document.

> - etc...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> When those failures happen, Loki won't filter out those log lines. Instead they are passed into the next stage of the pipeline with a new system label named `__error__`. The only way to filter out errors is by using a label filter expressions. The `__error__` label can't be renamed via the language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When label filter failures happen, Loki can't filter out log lines. Instead they are passed into the next stage of the pipeline with a new system label named `__error__`. The only way to filter out errors is by using a label filter expression. The `__error__` label can't be renamed via the language.
```

Reviewer: Also, need some clarity on what you mean by "can't be renamed via the language."  What language are you talking about here?

Author: referring to LogQL, i updated the line to make it clear.

> For example to remove json errors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example to remove JSON errors:
```

```logql
  {cluster="ops-tools1",container="ingress-nginx"}
    | json
    | __error__ != "JSONParserErr"
```

> Alternatively you can remove all error using a catch all matcher such as `__error__ = ""` or even show only errors using `__error__ != ""`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively you can remove all errors using a catch all matcher such as `__error__ = ""` or even show only errors using `__error__ != ""`.
```

> Note that the filter should be placed after the stage that generated this error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the filter should be placed **after** the stage that generated the error.
```
